Thanks everyone for joining. Five items on the agenda today. First, 1b nm DRAM ramp status. Second, HBM3E 12-Hi customer sample status. Third, HTOL 1500-hour reliability interim results. Fourth, Pyeongtaek P3 Phase 2 ramp schedule. And finally, the capping layer ECN review. I'm capping each topic at fifteen minutes — anything spilling over we'll defer to a separate session.
Starting with 1b nm. Wafer-out yield for the third week of June is 81.3 percent. That's a 3.1 percentage point improvement over end-of-May at 78.2, and we're 1.7 points away from the 83 percent mass-production target. The biggest driver was a 60 percent reduction in word-line short defect frequency, which is the cumulative payoff from the etch chamber A4 cleaning recipe change we made back in April.
So is the mass production entry date still on track?
Yes, second week of July, no change. One risk I want to flag — there's a roughly 2 percentage point yield delta between Pyeongtaek P3 line 5 and line 6, so a line 6 implant recalibration is scheduled for the first week of July. It's tight because we're right before MP entry, but Jung Yujin has secured a line 6 maintenance window for the early hours of July 1st.
Confirmed. Eight-hour lock starting midnight July 1. We're also piggybacking the metrology tool calibration into that same window so we get everything done in one shot rather than fragmenting downtime.
Good. Kim Jihye, where are we on the yield analysis report? I need it for the exec briefing.
About 80 percent done. To include the line 6 implant recalibration results I need until late first week of July. I'll submit the first draft by Friday July 5 EOD, and you can fold it into the exec briefing for Monday July 8.
OK — so Friday July 5 EOD Kim Jihye delivers the yield analysis draft, and I'll finalize the exec briefing materials by Monday July 8 morning. Locked in.
Second item — HBM3E 12-Hi. Lee Sangmin, please go ahead.
12-Hi samples — 50 units each shipped to hyperscaler A and hyperscaler B by end of May. Hyperscaler A came back with first evaluation results last Friday. Bottom line: thermal performance is 8 percent better than spec and power efficiency is 3 percent better. Hyperscaler B is still in evaluation, expected response second week of July.
The A-side numbers look strong. Where are we on the NDA negotiation?
NDA first draft is under joint review. A's legal asked to add a supply commitment clause — our legal is reviewing now. Son and I will deliver our first response by end of June.
Better to wait for B's results before finalizing the NDA terms. Negotiating both in parallel gives us more pricing leverage.
Agreed. Once B's results land in week 2 of July, I'll schedule a parallel negotiation round with both customers in week 3.
And the November mass production entry is still on track?
Yes, November is locked. There is one more reliability qualification step before MP, and Choi Seojin will cover that next.
Good. Moving on to item three — HTOL 1500-hour results.
HTOL 1500-hour test started June 14. I'm sharing interim results at the 1000-hour readout. For 1b nm DRAM we have 12 lots, 432 devices total in test. One fail at the 1000-hour mark. Fail mode is retention degradation, and crucially we're seeing spatial clustering within the same lot, which suggests systematic rather than random.
If it's systematic we need root cause before MP sign-off.
Agreed. Fail analysis kicked off June 27. FIB cross-section shows the capacitor high-k dielectric layer is 0.4 angstrom thinner than spec lower limit. We suspect ALD chamber 7 cycle count drift — chamber recalibration was completed yesterday.
When do the 1500-hour results land?
1500-hour test ends Friday July 4. Readout analysis complete and shared by Friday July 11.
Is HBM3E qualification on the same timeline?
HBM3E is a separate lot. 1500-hour mark is July 18. I can share results by July 25.
July 25 overlaps with the NDA negotiation round. If you can pull it forward by a week it helps negotiating leverage.
I'll try, but readout analysis itself needs at least 5 days for statistical significance — July 21 is the hard limit. Any earlier and analysis quality degrades.
Then July 21 please. Even five days earlier helps the first round of negotiation prep.
OK. Choi Seojin — HBM3E HTOL 1500-hour results shared by Monday July 21. 1b nm stays on July 11.
Item four — Pyeongtaek P3 Phase 2. Jung Yujin.
P3 Phase 2 wafer-in started June 24. First lot wafer-out date has changed. Originally scheduled July 22 — now July 25, slipping three days because line 3 stepper had a 6-hour downtime on June 26. Subsequent lots recover to nominal cycle time.
Three days slip — no customer commitment impact at that level, correct?
Correct, no impact. First lot is internal qualification only, unrelated to external commitments. External shipments start mid-September with ample buffer.
Is the stepper downtime root cause closed?
Laser source output stability. Source replacement completed yesterday. PM schedule also tightened from 6 months to 4 months starting next cycle.
Good. Jung Yujin — broadcast the finalized P3 Phase 2 first lot wafer-out date of July 25 company-wide by Monday next week.
Last item — the ECN. The 1b nm capping layer change, right?
Right. Current SiN capping replaced with SiCN. Rationale: SiCN is baseline for the next generation 1c nm, so we want to apply it at the 1b nm step to build process maturity early. Yield impact in pilot eval is roughly +0.5 percentage points, reliability impact is negligible.
From the quality standpoint we support ECN issuance. One ask — for the first three months after the change, add capacitor leakage current and word-line resistance as per-lot monitoring items.
Both additions agreed. Both are measurable on existing metrology, so zero incremental cost.
OK, we're issuing the ECN. I'll prepare it under ECN-2026-Q3-001 by first week of July. Kim Jihye supplies the technical content, Han Garam supplies the quality monitoring items, I'll integrate and issue.
Summary of decisions. One — 1b nm DRAM MP entry second week of July, unchanged. Two — HBM3E 12-Hi MP entry November, unchanged. Three — HBM3E NDA negotiation in parallel with both customers, first round week 3 of July. Four — P3 Phase 2 first lot wafer-out July 25. Five — 1b nm capping layer SiCN ECN issuance approved. Anything else?
One add — when scheduling the next meeting, please include sales quarterly forecast review on the agenda.
Will do. Next meeting Monday week 2 of July at 14:00, forecast review included. Thanks everyone.